---
title: 20240812
tags: 
- 单词
categories:
- 学习
- 英语
---

## 20240812
原文：https://math.mit.edu/academics/undergrad/roadmaps.php

- This document **outlines** “roadmaps” of course options for **undergraduates** interested in particular fields and applications of mathematics. 

-  Each roadmap **consists** of three **stages**:
-  Introductory courses with few **prerequisites**, **accessible** to a **typical** **sophomore**.
- More **advanced** classes for students who have **mastered** **several** stage-1 classes.
- The most **advanced** classes, often beginning **graduate-level** **subjects**, for students who have mastered many stage-1 and stage-2 classes.
- Many math **majors** will never take a stage-3 course, and that’s okay!
- The stages also reflect **priorities**
- for example, students interested in **pursuing** analysis probably want to take 18.100 as early as possible, **whereas** a student pursuing mathematical **finance** might take it later to deepen their understanding.
- In each **specialized** field or application of mathematics below, we list courses that could be **relevant** for a **career** in that field—not just courses **narrowly** in that specialization, but also useful courses in **broadly** **related** areas.
-  On the other hand, these **specific** courses are not requirements to pursue that field.
- Note that a math **degree** requires 18.06/18.C06/18.700/701 (or **approved** **substitutions** thereof), but these are not **necessarily** listed in every roadmap below, nor do we list GIRs like 18.02.

原文：https://math.mit.edu/academics/undergrad/index.html

- Mathematics provides a language and tools for understanding the **physical** world around us and the **abstract** world within us.
- MIT's Mathematics **Department** is one of the **strongest** in the world, **representing** a **broad** **spectrum** of fields ranging from the **traditional** areas of pure mathematics such as analysis, **algebra**, **geometry**, and **topology**, to applied mathematics areas such as **combinatorics**, **computational** **biology**, **fluid dynamics,** theoretical computer science, and mathematics of data.
- The Department of Mathematics offers a **Bachelor** of Science in Mathematics in the following **concentrations**: applied mathematics, pure mathematics, general mathematics.
- **Additionally**, the Mathematics with Computer Science degree is offered to students wishing to pursue their interests in mathematics and theoretical computer science within a single undergraduate program.
- Nearly one-half of the graduating seniors in mathematics are double majors. Popular second majors for these students include computer science, physics, and **economics**.
- Our students go on to a wide range of **activities** after graduation.
- Some go on to graduate school in mathematics, physics, computer science, **finance**, or **engineering**. Many begin careers in **investment** **banking**, **consulting**, software engineering, and other **domains**.

